in the paper this morning in the Family
Circus cartoon there was a mother
holding a crucifix and the child saying
I liked Christmas a lot better humanly
speaking we would we would prefer the
joy and the loveliness of Christmas to
the horrid events of this passion day
and yet the liturgy speaks to us of the
love of God Pope Benedict the 16th has
given us some great insights on the
meaning of the Lord's passion it is in
the mystery of the cross that the
overwhelming power of the heavenlies
father's mercy is revealed in all of its
fullness in order to win back the love
of mankind the father accepted to pay a
very high price the blood the sacrifice
of his only begotten Son death which for
the first Adam was an extreme Stein of
loneliness and powerlessness due to his
sin is transformed in the supreme act of
love and the freedom of the new Adam
Jesus Christ on the cross God's love for
us is made manifest the love of the
Father does not allow the lover God to
remain in himself but moves him to
become one with his beloved that is one
with all of us the deep love of God for
all of humanity led Jesus Christ to make
himself one with us even to the point of
of suffering and ultimately death upon
the altar of the cross my brothers and
sisters let us today gaze upon Christ on
the cross
let us look at his pierced at side his
head crowned with thorns all of those
glorious wounds which he bore in his
body for our sake
Christ is the unser passing revelation
of God's love for us on the cross it is
God Himself who begs the love of mankind
he is thirsty for the love of every one
of us whom he created in His image and
likeness
Jesus himself declared when I am lifted
up from the earth I will draw all things
to myself let us today welcome God's
love but accepting his love is not
enough for us we must respond to that
love of God and devote ourselves to
communicating the love of God to others
Christ
wishes to draw us to himself in order to
unite himself to us so that we may learn
to love our brothers and sisters with
the same love that Christ manifested on
the cross his love is powerful if we
allow it to this love can transform
ourselves and all of humanity remember
tonight the price of your Redemption
remember how much God loves you that he
was willing to sacrifice his only
begotten Son and remember is our beloved
patron saint john says god is love and
he who lives in love lives in God and
God in him
you